Doc/Development Documentation in .github/CONTRIBUTING.md (#6596)
pypa/pip: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

[coc]: https://www.pypa.io/en/latest/code-of-conduct/

## Development Documentation

> If you want to get involved look at our development documentation [Dev documentation](https://pip.pypa.io/en/latest/development/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our [development documentation](https://pip.pypa.io/en/latest/development/) contains details on how to get started with contributing to pip, and details of our development processes.
```
